In this challenge, I was tasked with creating a Python script to analyze a company's financial records. I was given a financial dataset named budget_data.csv, which is composed of two columns: "Date" and "Profit/Losses". My task was to create a Python script that analyzes these records to calculate several values. These include the total number of months included in the dataset, the net total amount of "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, the changes in "Profit/Losses" over the entire period, and then the average of those changes. I also needed to determine the greatest increase in profits (date and amount) over the entire period, as well as the greatest decrease in profits (date and amount) over the same period. In addition, my final script should both print the analysis to the terminal and export a text file with the results. All in the folder PyBank.

In addition, I was tasked with assisting a small, rural town in modernizing its vote-counting process. I was given a set of poll data named election_data.csv, which consists of three columns: "Voter ID", "County", and "Candidate". My task was to create a Python script that analyzed the votes and calculated several values. These include the total number of votes cast, a complete list of candidates who received votes, the percentage of votes each candidate won, and the total number of votes each candidate won. I also needed to determine the winner of the election based on the popular vote. In addition, my final script should both print the analysis to the terminal and export a text file with the results. All in the folder PyPoll.
